At Endpoint Domain, defender combine attack signals and related alerts to showcase an alert and a tree 
of similar alerts for better investigation and quick actions.

[ ALERT MANAGEMENT ]

Click on the Alert you wanna investigate 
   There are 4 sections in the Alerts Page TITLE, AFFECTED ASSETS, THE DETAILED SIDE PANE & ALERT STORY

   TITLE - current investigation name 

   AFFECTED ASSETS - include users and devices affected by this alert. select them for more information 
                      regarding number of alerts, application trigerred, etc. details.

   DETAILED SIDE PANE - details and actions related to the selected object. The detailed side pane appears
                        on selection of any object that contain any additional information.
                        Reason for trigerring the alert, related events happened, devices, etc.

   ALERT STORY - display all entity related to the alert inter-connected in a tree-view.
                 Additional details can be also obtained by this tree regarding small details of the alerts.
                 Contains all other actions for more investigation under the ellipses button.

After Total remediation and investigation of alert mark the status and provide other valuable information
for updating the playbook.

[ Severity ]

High(Red) - Might be APT(Advanced persistent threat), indicate high risk, severity of damage,
            credential theft, ransomeware, etc.

Medium(Orange) - part of APTs, anomalous registry actions, executed suspicious files, etc.

Low(Yellow) - threats, exploration commands, clearing logs, indication of targeting, etc.

Informational(Grey) - Sake of security awareness, potential security issues insights, etc.


[ Alert Categories ]

Collection - Locating and collecting data for exfiltration
Command and control - Connecting to malicious address or hacker's IP
Credential access - Valid credential breaching and obtaining
Defense evasion - Bypassing security controls, turning off security apps, running rootkits,etc.
Discovery - Gathering information such as domain controllers, network's devices info, file servers, etc.
Execution - Executing malicious software such as RATs.
Exfiltration - Extracting data from network or device.
Exploit - Exploiting code and other apps or network commands ,etc.
Initial access - Gaining initial entry to the target network ex, phishing email, password-guess,etc.
Lateral Movement - Moving between netork devices for critical resources.
Malware  - Identify as Backdoors, Trojans, Worms, Virus, malicious code.
Persistance - Creating ASEPs( Autostart extensibility points ), scheduled tasks for persistance, etc.
Privilege escalation - Obtain higher permission by running code in a privilege process.
Ransomeware - Encrypts file on device or across network.
Suspicious activity - Any typical behavior that wasn't expected normally.
Unwanted software - Low-reputation apps, potentially unwanted apps.
